Adding a note about Fusion and Snowflake key pairs (#7960)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/connect-data-platform/snowflake-setup.md

dbt can specify a `private_key` directly as a string instead of a `private_key_path`. This `private_key` string can be in either Base64-encoded DER format, representing the key bytes, or in plain-text PEM format. Refer to [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/key-pair-auth) for more info on how they generate the key.

> :::important

Reviewer: This doesn't really follow any established style for our callouts (bold header) and it's kind of long. What if we made this a H4 section instead?

> :::important

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **dbt Fusion engine requires modern key formats**

Reviewer: Moving modern down a level to keep the title short
```suggestion
#### dbt Fusion engine key formats
```

> We recommend using PKCS#8 format with AES-256 encryption for key pair authentication with Fusion. Fusion's security requirements don't support legacy 3DES encryption or headerless key formats that work with dbt Core. Older key formats may cause authentication failures.

Reviewer: Let me know if you have questions about this suggestion
```suggestion
Fusion requires modern key formats and doesn't support legacy 3DES encryption or headerless keys.  We recommend using PKCS#8 format with AES-256 encryption for key pair authentication with Fusion. Using older key formats may cause authentication failures.
```

If you encounter the `Key is PKCS#1 (RSA private key). Snowflake requires PKCS#8` error, then your private key is in the wrong format. You have two options:

- (Recommended fix) Re-export your key with modern encryption:

  ```bash
  # Convert to PKCS#8 with AES-256 encryption
  openssl genrsa 2048 | openssl pkcs8 -topk8 -v2 aes-256-cbc -inform PEM -out rsa_key.p8

  ```

- (Temporary workaround) Add the `BEGIN` header and `END` footer to your PEM body:

  ```
  -----BEGIN ENCRYPTED PRIVATE KEY-----
  < your existing encrypted private key contents >
  -----END ENCRYPTED PRIVATE KEY-----
  ```

> :::

Reviewer: See above feedback
```suggestion
```

dbt can specify a `private_key` directly as a string instead of a `private_key_path`. This `private_key` string can be in either Base64-encoded DER format, representing the key bytes, or in plain-text PEM format. Refer to [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/key-pair-auth) for more info on how they generate the key.

#### dbt Fusion engine key formats

Fusion requires modern key formats and doesn't support legacy 3DES encryption or headerless keys.  We recommend using PKCS#8 format with AES-256 encryption for key pair authentication with Fusion. Using older key formats may cause authentication failures.

If you encounter the `Key is PKCS#1 (RSA private key). Snowflake requires PKCS#8` error, then your private key is in the wrong format. You have two options:

- (Recommended fix) Re-export your key with modern encryption:

  ```bash
  # Convert to PKCS#8 with AES-256 encryption
  openssl genrsa 2048 | openssl pkcs8 -topk8 -v2 aes-256-cbc -inform PEM -out rsa_key.p8

  ```

- (Temporary workaround) Add the `BEGIN` header and `END` footer to your PEM body:

>   ```

Author: ```suggestion
  ```bash
```

dbt can specify a `private_key` directly as a string instead of a `private_key_path`. This `private_key` string can be in either Base64-encoded DER format, representing the key bytes, or in plain-text PEM format. Refer to [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/key-pair-auth) for more info on how they generate the key.

:::important Private keys in the dbt Fusion engine

We recommend you use a modern PKCS#8 method for key pair authentication with Fusion.

If you're using a 3DES-encrypted, headerless PEM body, you should either:
- (Recommended) Re-export your existing key using a modern algorithm such as AES-256 encryption.

> - Add the `BEGIN` header and `END` footer to your PEM body. For example:

Author: @amychen1776 should we be more opinionated and get rid of this second bullet?

Reviewer 2: I think it's okay to keep it but note that it's a workaround so it's clear that this is to unblock you, not what we recommend

Reviewer 2: I think we should also call out that if neither of those action are done - Fusion will error out.
